
<!-- TOC -->

- [Spark](#spark)
  - [Microsoft dedicated paths](#microsoft-dedicated-paths)
    - [Microsoft path for Databricks - Data Engineering](#microsoft-path-for-databricks---data-engineering)
    - [Microsoft path for Databricks - Machine Learning](#microsoft-path-for-databricks---machine-learning)
    - [Microsoft path for Databricks - Data Science](#microsoft-path-for-databricks---data-science)
  - [Databricks dedicated path](#databricks-dedicated-path)
    - [Databricks path for certification](#databricks-path-for-certification)
  - [YouTube course](#youtube-course)
  - [Udemy courses](#udemy-courses)
    - [Taming Big Data with Apache Spark and Python - Hands On!](#taming-big-data-with-apache-spark-and-python---hands-on)
    - [Azure Databricks & Spark Core For Data Engineers(Python/SQL)](#azure-databricks--spark-core-for-data-engineerspythonsql)
    - [Apache Spark 3 - Databricks Certified Associate Developer](#apache-spark-3---databricks-certified-associate-developer)
    - [Databricks Certified Associate Developer - Apache Spark 2022](#databricks-certified-associate-developer---apache-spark-2022)
    - [Complete PySpark Developer Course](#complete-pyspark-developer-course)
    - [PySpark Project- End to End Real Time Project Implementation](#pyspark-project--end-to-end-real-time-project-implementation)
    - [PySpark Essentials for Data Scientists (Big Data + Python)](#pyspark-essentials-for-data-scientists-big-data--python)
  - [Books](#books)
    - [Learning Spark, 2nd Edition](#learning-spark-2nd-edition)
    - [Spark: The Definitive Guide](#spark-the-definitive-guide)
  - [Oreilly](#oreilly)
    - [Apache Spark 3 for Data Engineering and Analytics with Python](#apache-spark-3-for-data-engineering-and-analytics-with-python)
    - [Apache Spark 3 Advance Skills for Cracking Job Interviews](#apache-spark-3-advance-skills-for-cracking-job-interviews)
- [Hadoop](#hadoop)
  - [Introduction to Hadoop Security](#introduction-to-hadoop-security)
  - [The Ultimate Hands-On Hadoop](#the-ultimate-hands-on-hadoop)
  - [Hadoop: The Definitive Guide, 4th Edition](#hadoop-the-definitive-guide-4th-edition)
  - [Expert Hadoop® Administration](#expert-hadoop-administration)

<!-- /TOC -->

# Spark

___

## Microsoft dedicated paths

### Microsoft path for Databricks - Data Engineering
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/data-engineer-azure-databricks/

### Microsoft path for Databricks - Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/build-operate-machine-learning-solutions-azure-databricks/?WT.mc_id=AI-MVP-5004069

### Microsoft path for Databricks - Data Science
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-ie/learn/paths/perform-data-science-azure-databricks/?WT.mc_id=AI-MVP-5004069


___
## Databricks dedicated path

### Databricks path for certification
https://partner-academy.databricks.com/pages/21/home

___

## YouTube course

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7_h0bRfL52qWoCcS18nXcT1s-5rSa1yp

___
## Udemy courses

### Taming Big Data with Apache Spark and Python - Hands On!
https://udemy.com/course/taming-big-data-with-apache-spark-hands-on/

### Azure Databricks & Spark Core For Data Engineers(Python/SQL)
https://udemy.com/course/azure-databricks-spark-core-for-data-engineers/

### Apache Spark 3 - Databricks Certified Associate Developer
https://udemy.com/course/apache-spark-3-databricks-certified-associate-developer/

### Databricks Certified Associate Developer - Apache Spark 2022
https://udemy.com/course/databricks-certified-associate-developer-for-apache-spark/

### Complete PySpark Developer Course
https://www.udemy.com/course/pyspark-developer-course/

### PySpark Project- End to End Real Time Project Implementation
https://www.udemy.com/course/end-to-end-pyspark-real-time-project-implementation-spark/

### PySpark Essentials for Data Scientists (Big Data + Python)
https://www.udemy.com/course/pyspark-essentials-for-data-scientists-big-data-python/

___
## Books

### Learning Spark, 2nd Edition
https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/learning-spark-2nd/9781492050032/

### Spark: The Definitive Guide
https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/spark-the-definitive/9781491912201/

___
## Oreilly

### Apache Spark 3 for Data Engineering and Analytics with Python
https://learning.oreilly.com/videos/apache-spark-3/9781803244303/

### Apache Spark 3 Advance Skills for Cracking Job Interviews
https://subscription.packtpub.com/video/data/9781803241555/p1/video1_1/course-introduction


# Hadoop 

___

## Introduction to Hadoop Security
https://learning.oreilly.com/videos/introduction-to-hadoop/9781771375054/

## The Ultimate Hands-On Hadoop
https://learning.oreilly.com/videos/the-ultimate-hands-on/9781788478489/

## Hadoop: The Definitive Guide, 4th Edition
https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/hadoop-the-definitive/9781491901687/

## Expert Hadoop® Administration
https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/expert-hadoop-r-administration/9780134598147/